Quarter1/README.md, before:

# PythonClass Quarter 1

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/987926559480512542?label=discord)](https://discord.gg/R2g75R52GX)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments?color=%23f54242)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments)

## About
This is the repo for assignments for AI Course, that were given in Quater 1

## Assignments List Quarter 1

### Class 3

 - **[Assignment 1 (Find Even Odd Number)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class3/Class3_Assignment1_EvenOdd.py)**
	 - This program takes a number as input from the user and tells if it is Even or Odd
 - **[Assignment 2 (Marks Sheet)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class3/Class3_Assignment2_MarkSheet.py)**
	 - This program takes User Name and Subject Marks and prints a Marks Sheet

### Class 5

 - **[Assignment 1 (Multiplication Table)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment1_Table.py)**
	 - Take a number from user and print Multiplication Table
 - **[Assignment 2 (Loop Operations)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment2_LoopOperations.py)**
	 - Generate 100 random numbers between 10 and 90 and store them in a sepearate array
		 - Find their sum and average
		 - Find maximum number
		 - Find minimum number
		 - Check how many numbers are greater than 40 (using continue command)
 - **[Assignment 3 (Common Elements)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment3_CommonElements.py)**
	 - Given two Lists, find the common elements and print the list
 - **[Assignment 4 (Number Guessing Game)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment4_GuessGame.py)**
	- Generate a Random Number and give three tries to user to guess the number
- **[Assignment 5 (Character Count)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment5_CharacterCount.py)**
	- For a given string, get a character from user and find its number of occurrence in the string

### Class 6

- **[Assignment 1 (All Character Counter)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment1_CharacterCounter.py)**
	- For a given string, find the count of each character in a string and print the result
- **[Assignment 2 (Find Vowels and Consonants)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment2_VowelsConsonants.py)**
	- For a given string, find the count of Vowels and Consonants and print the result
- **[Assignment 3 (Check for Palindrome)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment3_PalindromeChecker.py)**
	- Get an input from the user and check if it is a Palindrome or not
- **[Assignment 4 (Numbers Pattern Type 1)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment4_PatternPrint.py)**
	- Print a pattern in Triangle form (see file for comments)
- **[Assignment 5 (Numbers Pattern Type 2)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment5_DiamondPattern.py)**
	- Print a pattern in Diamond form (see file for comments)


### Class 7

 -  **[Assignment 1 (Student Data Entry)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class7/Class7_Assignment1_StudentDataEntry.py)**
	- Write program in which student can register in different courses:
		- Ask student name, age, email, phone no etc
		- Ask to choose from courses like ai, cnc, bcc,iot, web3 etc
		- Allow student to select multiple courses
		- Save courses as list in student dictionary

Commit message:

Class 8 Assignments
1. Added Assignment for Class 8
2. Modified Assignment 1 for Class 7, bug fixed
3. Updated README.md

Quarter1/README.md, after:

# PythonClass Quarter 1

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/987926559480512542?label=discord)](https://discord.gg/R2g75R52GX)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments?color=%23f54242)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments)

## About
This is the repo for assignments for AI Course, that were given in Quater 1

## Assignments List Quarter 1

### Class 3

 - **[Assignment 1 (Find Even Odd Number)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class3/Class3_Assignment1_EvenOdd.py)**
	 - This program takes a number as input from the user and tells if it is Even or Odd
 - **[Assignment 2 (Marks Sheet)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class3/Class3_Assignment2_MarkSheet.py)**
	 - This program takes User Name and Subject Marks and prints a Marks Sheet

### Class 5

 - **[Assignment 1 (Multiplication Table)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment1_Table.py)**
	 - Take a number from user and print Multiplication Table
 - **[Assignment 2 (Loop Operations)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment2_LoopOperations.py)**
	 - Generate 100 random numbers between 10 and 90 and store them in a sepearate array
		 - Find their sum and average
		 - Find maximum number
		 - Find minimum number
		 - Check how many numbers are greater than 40 (using continue command)
 - **[Assignment 3 (Common Elements)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment3_CommonElements.py)**
	 - Given two Lists, find the common elements and print the list
 - **[Assignment 4 (Number Guessing Game)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment4_GuessGame.py)**
	- Generate a Random Number and give three tries to user to guess the number
- **[Assignment 5 (Character Count)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class5/Class5_Assignment5_CharacterCount.py)**
	- For a given string, get a character from user and find its number of occurrence in the string

### Class 6

- **[Assignment 1 (All Character Counter)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment1_CharacterCounter.py)**
	- For a given string, find the count of each character in a string and print the result
- **[Assignment 2 (Find Vowels and Consonants)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment2_VowelsConsonants.py)**
	- For a given string, find the count of Vowels and Consonants and print the result
- **[Assignment 3 (Check for Palindrome)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment3_PalindromeChecker.py)**
	- Get an input from the user and check if it is a Palindrome or not
- **[Assignment 4 (Numbers Pattern Type 1)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment4_PatternPrint.py)**
	- Print a pattern in Triangle form (see file for comments)
- **[Assignment 5 (Numbers Pattern Type 2)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class6/Class6_Assignment5_DiamondPattern.py)**
	- Print a pattern in Diamond form (see file for comments)


### Class 7

 -  **[Assignment 1 (Student Data Entry)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class7/Class7_Assignment1_StudentDataEntry.py)**
	- Write program in which student can register in different courses:
		- Ask student name, age, email, phone no etc
		- Ask to choose from courses like ai, cnc, bcc, iot, web3 etc
		- Allow student to select multiple courses
		- Save courses as list in student dictionary

### Class 8

 -  **[Assignment 1 (Student Data Entry Classes)](https://github.com/archangel4031/PythonClassAssignments/blob/master/Quarter1/Class8/Class8_Assignment1_StudentDataEntryClasses.py)**
	- Write program in which student can register in different courses:
		- Ask student name, age, email, phone no etc
		- Ask to choose from courses like ai, cnc, bcc, iot, web3 etc
		- Allow student to select multiple courses
		- Save courses as list in student class
